ref/remove_default_aspectratio_from_mediaview (#216)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Remove the default aspect ratio of a media view from the native ad properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove the default media view aspect ratio of `1.0` when a mediated network does not provide it.
```
